The Debian Package cclite
----------------------------

Comments regarding the Package

 -- Hugh Barnard <hugh.barnard@gmail.com>  Sun, 22 Apr 2012 14:50:36 +0000

This is the fifth version of the cclite package for Debian/Ubuntu based Linux systems

1.  Decimal place currencies pretty much fully implemented, only per installation though, at present.
2.  Pretty registry names in web interface on cpanel, via hacking on/off user prefix
3.  Remote delivery of json for certain popular operations, extra REST operations supporting this
4.  Primitive printed yellow pages via OpenOffice modules, download from admin
5.  Rough printed statements script via OpenOffice modules, download from admin
6.  Old skool $$something cleared up to $something->{'key'} pretty much throughhout
7.  Regular release increments now published to github/cclite
8.  Folksonomy and auto-suggest replaces fixed yellow page categories, more flexible and multilingual
9.  New simpler package type check method.
10. Rough/machine translated templates for approx 16 languages inlcuding several non-latin
11. Language change mechanism improved and tested
12. GD graph replaced by javascript flot and ajax calls, no extra Perl modules
13. Templates and style sheet simplified tested roughly on Chrome/Opera, space used more effectively
14. Installation checker rolled into the installer as Ccchecker.pm module
15. Careful Spanish translation, thanks Xavi and Tiki-Wiki
16. getstats, could be used remotely, produceds json for current stats
17. REST /summary delivers hmtl /summary.json delivers json
18. [R] removed from rewrite rules, more standard behaviour now
19. Closedown and startup logic for registries, not complete though
20. For a newer Perl this should work with core modules only
21. As 20 Log4perl removed and replaced by logging to registry database table
22. Flag for on-line/off-line in user table to aid statistics, communication, closedown etc.
23. Preliminary work to make a bridge for tiki-wiki
25. Javascript messages now multilingual, via Ajax call to load
26. Checker analysis improved for necessary modules and put into a Cclite module
27. New set of simplified templates for the new age of austerity
28. Graphing within standard display, rough graph of balances for user
29. Regression test provided with package

The domain is defaulted to cclite.private.server in the hosts file.

When the package is installed on an Ubuntu desktop there should be an explanatory page
at http://cclite.private.server/cclite/


